[Phil] Previously on Roadies...
Bill and Shelli.
That's like your parents having sex
and cheating on each
other all at the same time.
How was your day? Tell me everything.
Sean had someone hide
a birthday gift for me in the seats.
Right, congratulations. It's nice.
It can't be true.
People actually think that I'm...
I'm hooking up with Reg?
Why don't you stab my fucking
eyes out and blind me
so I no longer have to
witness this goddamn travesty?
I find it incredibly
sexist that people think
I'm making love to him in
his spendcentric socks.
You worked with my
favorite band of all time,
the original Lynyrd Skynyrd.
This was given to me in 1976
by Ronnie Van Zant,
and I have not taken it off since.
Who's Robbie Van Zant?
[Phil] Who is Ronnie Van Zant?
There's a tradition on this adventure,
and you need to bone up on
whose shoulders you're standing on.
You are invited to
leave the organization now.
Let me just talk...
About you firing me...
Listen, Phil. I did not fire you.
Preston fired you. I
was just the messenger.
This is a... This is a very special day.
[Phil] Get on in here.
Get you some. God I missed you people.
God I've missed you people.
[bluesy music playing on phone]
[knock at door]
♪ ♪
Hey, front desk ain't answering, Bill.
- Shit.
- Hey, come here.
You got your cell on you?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Okay, I need you to call the police.
[touch-tones beeping]
[pounding on door]
Yeah, hey, I'm calling the cops
about a possible
situation at the Marriott.
You're... you're on the
phone with the cops now.
- Uh, yeah, sorry.
- It's okay.
- His name's Phil.
- Right, Phil Valentine.
- Phil Valentine.
- Right.
What the fuck is it that you want?
- Oh, shit.
- Phil, put that down.
You're alive.
Of course I'm alive.
My body wakes up when I'm needed.
- Easy, White Buffalo.
- Jesus, did I oversleep?
Yeah, we... we're all good. Phil's okay.
- Yeah, you overslept.
- But thank you, cops.
Hey, I'm on probation.
What are you calling the cops for?
- They're not coming.
- You weren't answering, man.
Why is everybody freaking out?
Is it... Is it daylight savings time?
Phil, I-i-it is not daylight savings.
That was two months ago.
Shit.
It's all right. [clears throat]
Now, just listen to me, okay?
There was a bomb scare at
Cory River Arena, okay?
So we're gonna leave
early to get to San Diego
for the Funko corporate
gig that Reg arranged.
That limey douche bag motherfucker.
He's actually turning
out to be not that bad.
A rattlesnake makes
a pretty little noise
before he sinks his
teeth into you, Bill.
And a rattlesnake is
trained to do one thing,
bite you, kill you,
and move the fuck on.
Now, what time you need me on the bus?
[Tyler Lyle's "California" playing]
♪ ♪
♪ I'm not sorry I fell in love ♪
♪ I'm not sorry ♪
♪ That you never cared enough ♪
♪ It's just motion, it's just time ♪
♪ Every day we find ourselves ♪
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
♪ By myself ♪
♪ The next time you see me,
well, I'll be someone else ♪
♪ There ain't no
gates around heaven ♪
♪ Ain't no gates round hell ♪
♪ Just the sunset ♪
♪ In the distance ♪
♪ And the dark on its tail ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well, I did right ♪
♪ And I did wrong ♪
♪ You did too ♪
♪ That's not why ♪
♪ I'm gone ♪
♪ It's just motion ♪
♪ And it's just time ♪
♪ Every day ♪
♪ We find ourselves ♪
♪ A little further down the line ♪
♪ I'm going to California ♪
♪ By myself... ♪
[Bill] Phil, what can you tell me
about the European leg of the tour?
- 'Cause I'd heard that...
- Shh, Dead Sex.
I think Jen's alive.
[Rick] Harris DeSoto,
Rick Davidson, head
of search operations.
Remember how surly you got with me
when you told me that
she died in the Plague?
Remember that?
I knew you were wrong.
God, do I hate
myself for loving this show.
But it's goddamn powerful stuff.
You can't escape us, Harris.
Now, we need to take
you back to the center
to have sex to see if
there is hope for the rest of us
and for the future.
It's embarrassing, you
and me watching this,
two grown men.
None of you understand the burden
of having to father an
entire new generation.
I mean, well, we should be watching
a documentary or something.
Yeah, a documentary...
about the making of Dead Sex.
[Harris] I'm not a god.
[sighs]
It's gonna be a long one tonight.
That's what I told my old lady
the first time we were
about to get naked.
Gooch, I'm coming to
you with a... a problem.
About what happens when this tour ends?
How did you know that?
It's in the air, baby.
Nobody has a retainer but Shelli.
That means this whole
crew could break up, you know.
They could find cheaper
people in Europe.
That does happen.
I'm just really fucking worried
that I'm gonna lose
something special, you know?
This feeling on this tour.
Yeah, you know, you say that,
but what I'm hearing is,
"What am I gonna do without Kelly Ann?"
- Yes.
- Let her go, Milo.
She already traded you
in for a real Englishman.
No... no, she didn't.
That... that's just, like, a rumor.
Look, you're
good-looking. Plus, you're tall.
And lately you've been smelling
moderately better.
Thanks.
I mean, look, there's no reason
why you can't find
someone that's wonderful
and equally odd.
I don't want this tour to end.
[Wesley] All right, take
it away, West Coast.
[upbeat, twangy music playing on guitar]
All right, y'all, I got it from here.
One, two, three.
♪ Now, beer, beer, beer, beer ♪
♪ I can find it near or far ♪
♪ And I drink my beer out
of cans and bottles ♪
♪ Shit, I'll drink
it out of this guitar ♪
- ♪ Guitar ♪
- ♪ Now, I love beer ♪
♪ And you love beer, man,
fuck it, so does Bill ♪
♪ Bill doesn't drink anymore ♪
♪ But he did when he saw Phil ♪
[laughter]
Oh.
♪ ♪
Have you heard any more
about the European dates?
No.
- Everybody's asking, though.
- Tell me about it.
- [Wesley] All right.
- [woman] All right.
[Wesley] ♪ Give me a
joint, and give me a fire ♪
♪ Hell, I don't need no amplifier ♪
♪ 'Cause one of these beers
right here will turn me up ♪
♪ We got 12 more hours on this bus ♪
♪ And sorry, Phil, I
don't mean to cuss ♪
♪ But God damn it, Gooch, hurry up ♪
[Milo] Yeah!
Ahh, this is gonna get old.
[mellow rock music]
What are you gonna do when
this tour ends, Kelly Ann?
[Kelly Ann] Hmm.
I don't know.
I mean, the band's holding
dates in Europe,
unless they bag 'em.
I bet our boy with Extantion
has got something to do with that.
He's in the front with Harvey right now.
I don't care if he's up my
ass making shepherd's pie.
The end of the tour reveals all.
He's going over the
financials right now on this very bus,
who gets a retainer,
what vendors get cut.
It's true.
I think it's all being decided tonight.
I can smell it coming like
a steak house fart.
Kelly Ann, you're the only person
who'd get the truth out of Reg.
I got to know if I'm still on this tour.
I got Halsey's people calling.
Apparently, she's
trying to steal our whole crew.
♪ I can't sit or stand around... ♪
- Hi.
Reg, I think you need to tell
everybody who's gonna be hired
to go on the European leg, 'cause...
I just think people
are really desperate.
Well, now, I just... I just assumed
that everyone was going.
It never occurred to me that...
That everyone wouldn't go.
I just assumed that it
would continue intact
with the, uh... With the same crew.
At least that was the... that
was the recommendation that I made.
- You did?
- Yeah.
Thanks, this will really
soothe the crew.
Yeah.
Ooh.
- Harvey.
- Kelly Ann.
[upbeat bluesy rock music]
♪ ♪
Hey, Phil, can I ask
you a naive, silly question?
I'd be surprised if you didn't.
[Wesley] How'd you
get mixed up in all this,
you know, like, the
music and the touring
and the badassery?
Well, we don't have
time on a 12-hour bus ride
to fully answer that question,
but the short answer is this.
You don't pick it.
It picks you.
Okay, but who was the best, Phil?
I mean, who was your band?
Nah, I got to be in the right mood.
What the fuck mood are
you waiting for, man?
We're on a bus for 12
hours. Just tell the story.
Yeah, well, you got to have
a few more rings on your tree
before you can push a
button and demand my expertise.
Phil...
tell the story.
♪ ♪
All right.
[laughs] Nice.
Now, to tell this story properly,
I got to introduce you to a man,
my father.
They ran a bait shop.
I used to hang out in
the back from a young age,
and I definitely new this,
at my father's back office,
they never talked about bait.
Fellas, I can't make it to
Atlanta with the cigars.
I mean, who is this guy?
He's a promoter, Vince Packard.
He works with rock bands.
We just need someone to
drive them to him in Atlanta.
He's been a big customer.
- He needs 'em tonight.
- I'll go.
[Phil Sr.] You know, I
remember this guy Packard
back from when we had that Asian Zircon
mail-order situation going.
Pop, let me go.
Son, you may be on to something.
No one would think twice about him
crossing any state line.
[Les] Well, you're right.
Just look at that honest face.
[Phil] Well, the next thing I know,
I'm delivering a big
box to a promoter in Atlanta
doing a show at the Omni.
Now, it's The Who and Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Now, I don't know
music at all, all right?
But I'm nervous, but I'm excited.
Right before I leave,
my dad says, "Listen..."
Make sure you get paid, okay?
It'll be in a yellow envelope.
Uh, Father, am I doing
something illegal?
Would I let my own
son do something illegal?
[Vince] Ah, the illegal
Havanas are here.
All right.
Thanks, kid.
All right, you enjoy
that show, all right?
Uh, well, I-I need a yellow envelope.
It's all taken care of. Enjoy the show.
B-but Father said that
I need an e-envelope.
Mr. Packard.
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ah ♪
♪ Double beating... ♪
[Phil] Sometimes destiny has a way
of walking right into you,
walking right through you.
♪ ♪
Uh, Mr. Packard,
I was thinking about our conversation,
and I know for sure that
you're supposed to give me
reciprocation in a yellow envelope.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm quite sure that I'm right.
Excuse me.
My name's Ronnie Van Zant.
My band Lynyrd Skynyrd's opening
up tonight for The Who.
If you owe this man
something, you've given him your word,
you should pay him.
Otherwise, I got no
reason to play for you tonight
or ever.
Now, do what's right.
You really want to get involved in this?
Oh, yes, sir. I do.
And I got a whole bunch of
people out there with me
who feel the same way.
Shit, I was always gonna pay him.
Right now.
Come to my office.
[Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Gimme
Three Steps" playing]
I'd wash that jacket if I were you.
What's your name?
Phil.
You better just go on home before
somebody comes after you
with a loaded firearm.
Your luck ain't pretty tonight.
Oh, I think it is.
I appreciate you getting me paid,
and sorry about your black eye.
I don't know much, but I
know when somebody sounds honest
and when they don't, and
you sounded honest.
Well, I-I look forward to
enjoying your music sometime.
No time like the present.
I got to get back to Texas
and help my dad run his bait shop.
Playing Fort Worth tomorrow.
[Phil] I was with 'em for three days,
and I'd never seen anything like it.
Lynyrd Skynyrd would
play these amazing sets
and then go find the
perfectly wrong bar.
[all speaking indistinctly]
[upbeat country rock music]
♪ Well, I pulled out of Pittsburgh... ♪
What kind of place is this?
Are you sure you don't want a drink?
Oh, no, I don't... I don't drink.
Well, you can't say
no if you never tried it.
Oh, well, I don't need to try it.
You should meet a gentleman
by the name of Mr. Jack Daniel's.
♪ But I don't see a cop in sight ♪
♪ Six days on the road ♪
♪ And I'm gonna make
it home tonight... ♪
- [coughs]
- It's good stuff, right?
Ooh!
You got a girl back home?
I sure do.
She's mean as hell, but I love her.
You gonna marry her?
If I'm lucky.
[laughs]
Oh, I like Jack Daniel's.
So does he.
You Lynyrd Skynyrd?
You tough guys think you
can come in here and drink?
Your band ain't shit compared
to The Allman Brothers Band.
You may be right about that.
Easy. We ain't gonna fight.
You ain't gonna fight?
How can you live with
being a hypocrite, man?
I read about you guys being so tough.
I don't see nothing!
Excuse me,
but you're bothering Mr. Van Zant.
♪ ♪
I don't mean nothing.
♪ But I could never make
believe it's all right ♪
♪ Six days on the road... ♪
Look at that.
The hell got into you?
I don't know what got into me,
except he was being an asshole.
Whatever it was,
boy, I'd hang on to that.
Oh, I just did what came naturally.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Hey.
Reg.
Harvey, come and look at this.
I don't know.
There's no easy answer, is there?
[Phil] And they had about
five solid hits under their belt,
great songs, and the one
true classic, "Freebird."
Right.
But in the day, everywhere Skynyrd went,
one of the guys would get
drunk or somebody'd get drunk,
and the shit would start flying.
And it was for that as much
as their songs they became known.
And that's all anybody outside
the band wanted to do
or talk about was fighting.
Is that when you started drinking?
Well, Mr. Jack Daniel's
and I have had a love affair
that has lasted to this very day,
but he holds nothing compared
to the feelings I had
out on the road.
[Phil Sr.] Lynyrd who?
It's a band, Pop.
It's... it's a group
of people from Florida,
and I enjoy their company.
[Lynyrd Skynyrd's "T For Texas" playing]
♪ ♪
I raised you to be my partner.
I found something else I like better.
I left home for 18 months
while Skynyrd toured every
city you can imagine.
Now, Ronnie had a foolproof method
for clearing up the hangovers.
Pure oxygen can cure a
hangover in five minutes.
♪ Give me a T For Texas ♪
♪ Give me a T for Tennessee... ♪
I barely made it home for
the birth of Vernon, my son,
and, boy, was Ella mad.
I still got the picture in my wallet.
Let's see.
Yeah, she looks fucking pissed.
[laughter]
Well, I had the
problem that we all have.
What, you didn't
particularly want to go home?
- [Phil]
Exactly. - Mm-hmm.
I became the assistant road manager
known to many a hotel manager.
I became indispensable to 'em.
[woman] They smashed my lights,
two tables, and my neon sign.
That's $1,000.
Oh, well, I'm here to settle the bill.
And then came the Canada incident.
Ron Eckerman and the
assistant road manager,
Dean Kilpatrick, and I told everybody
not to bring any drugs, I mean nothing,
and everybody threw everything away
back in the States.
Did you see what they wrote
about us in CIRCUS magazine?
"They'll fight anybody anywhere."
Who puts this stuff out there?
I don't know, Ronnie.
All I do know is that everybody
likes a bad boy.
- You might be right about that.
- Mm-hmm.
I felt respected by 'em,
you know, part of the family.
[Billy] Hey, Phil.
- Phil.
- What?
Could you hold my bag?
Sure, brother.
♪ ♪
♪ Give me a T for Thelma ♪
♪ Woman made a fool out of me ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Give me a T... ♪
[Phil] Now, I knew at that moment
I was ready to go to
jail for these boys,
'cause I believed.
But I sure wasn't comfortable.
We found cocaine, quaaludes,
a lot of seed-filled marijuana.
Now, something tells me that
doesn't all belong to you.
You don't even have to speak.
Just nod your head, and you walk.
Does this bag belong to the band?
Sir, I'm gonna tell you the truth.
Now, the leader of this
band, whose bag this is not,
will be greatly
affected by this incident,
and I believe him to be one
of the finest gentlemen
you could ever imagine.
He gave me stand-up
work, and he did the same
for every one of them
boys outside that window.
And he is struggling right now
with the band and helping them grow.
And if you arrest him,
all they'll be known for
is arrest and violence.
But if you let him go,
he's gonna turn this group around.
See, he is the soul of this group,
and he is the future of
what music is gonna be.
Ronnie Van Zant.
He's gonna be one of
the greatest of them all.
His music is gonna last forever.
Now, you can help
him, or you can hurt him.
It's in your hands.
Well, you don't get the drugs back.
Thank you.
- Birth of Phil right there.
- [Milo] Fuck yeah, dude.
- Right there, man.
- [Shelli] Hallelujah.
[laughter]
How did you feel about them using you
to bring the drugs across the border?
Truthfully, I felt disrespected.
Hmm.
And for a year or so,
I took work elsewhere.
They left to make an
album with Tom Dowd,
and I went to work with Pink Floyd.
But I'd always hear from Ronnie,
my birthday, Christmas.
[telephone ringing]
Production. This is Phil.
[Ronnie] How you doing there, Phil?
Ronnie, how's it going, man?
Ohh, brother,
I don't want to go this
next round without you.
And I want you there when we open
up for the Rolling Stones.
Look, I don't need you for long, okay?
We're going to
London at the end of summer,
but we're gonna stop early.
I want you there, Phil,
and, God damn it, you owe me.
I rescued you from a life of
selling shitty Cuban cigars.
I couldn't. My wife, she's...
She would beat me.
She's mean.
I need your help, Phil.
♪ I paid my dues, and
I changed my style... ♪
You went, didn't you?
Of course.
[laughs] My boys, man, Skynyrd.
Yes.
[Phil] Well, Ronnie added another
guitarist, Steve Gaines,
and his sister Cassie on vocals
and two other singers
together called The Honkettes,
and that band was on fire.
Everybody had an assignment.
Shut the fuck up.
You boys are gonna
take this chance and do it.
That's it.
Otherwise, we can leave
it all alone right now.
I realized something.
I didn't get into this to be a footnote.
I want all of us to be great together.
Now, I didn't ask to be your daddy,
but I will, and like
my daddy kicked my ass,
I will kick your asses raw.
Pull it together.
Any one of you motherfuckers
who ain't built to go the distance,
you just go right now.
I ain't fucking around.
Leave right now.
♪ ♪
Good.
Now, let's go kick the
fucking Rolling Stones'
bony English asses.
I love this story.
Bill, you remember when
SHB opened for the Stones?
Yeah, it was with Lenny
Kravitz and them in Virginia,
and yeah, I remember it didn't go well.
There was a nude guy sunbathing
two rows in.
[Phil] Course there was.
'Cause opening for the
Stones is the toughest gig in rock.
It's like performing for a firing squad.
Whoever you are,
that audience does not give a fuck.
And... but Ronnie said
to us one time, he said,
"On any one day, any band can
be the greatest band in the world."
And he wanted Lynyrd
Skynyrd's one day to be that day
they opened for the Stones,
and we trained for that
day like it was the Olympics,
which it was in a way.
He rebuilt that band and
was ready to take no prisoners,
and he was gonna start by taking down
the biggest band in the world.
We practiced every day for three weeks
in a shack out in the country,
and there would be no drinking,
there would be no fighting,
there'd be no messing around.
Just pure magic.
The plan was to catch 'em by surprise.
Let 'em fill the
dressing room with liquor.
Let everybody think it
was gonna be a good old
drunk and brawlin' Lynyrd Skynyrd.
But when them boys showed up,
they hit that stage on
all eight cylinders.
And as the sun went down,
under a silly orange stage
with that big Rolling Stones tongue
they were not allowed to walk on,
the full band delivered the
best show I have ever seen
or will ever see.
Eighty-five thousand people.
Not one person left to piss.
They tore it up.
[laughs]
That's right.
And there was Ronnie walking
between Allen, Gary, and Steve,
runnin' the band, the
father figure, the coach,
the leader.
It was the birth of that
band as a global act,
and you could see Ronnie.
Soon as he knew they were killin' it,
he's just pushin'
those boys further down
that big orange
tongue, and I turned around,
and I saw the whitest motherfucker
I'd ever seen in my life.
This guy had no color at
all. And it was Mick Jagger.
And he had to follow that.
Shut the fuck up.
Oh, my God.
[Phil] It wasn't a performance.
It was a street mugging.
Now, how do you top that?
You just do.
And you don't have to do it alone.
You get there with
the help of your crew,
everybody together,
band and crew.
You can do anything.
And that kind of connection
only happens once or twice
in a lifetime.
[cell phone chiming]
That's weird.
Hey, everything okay?
Oh, God.
Um, Sean's father passed away.
Yeah, yeah, I'm here.
I know, honey. I'm so sorry.
I-I can't believe it either.
Yeah.
Just a sec.
Um, yeah, okay, I'm... I'm
gonna try to get off the bus.
Gooch, we got a problem.
Shelli's got to fly home.
Sean's father died.
Yeah.
Yeah, just got to get her
home. You got any ideas?
We could get a flight
out of Redding Airport.
We'll pull over in Weed.
[Cocteau Twins' "Iceblink Luck" playing]
♪ ♪
♪ I'm seemin' to be ♪
♪ A little alive... ♪
All right, I'll... I'll let you...
[mouths word]
Um, I'll... I'll call
you from the airport, okay?
All right, bye.
Hey, Bill.
♪ ♪
♪ Expose the daughter ♪
♪ Of yourself well ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Me, I think ♪
♪ That you're in her heart ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You're the match of Jericho ♪
♪ That will burn... ♪
Uh, Kelly Ann?
I just wanted to, uh... [laughs softly]
I feel like I've been a
little bit of a, uh, clown.
Oh, Milo.
Yeah, I know.
It's never gonna happen.
Well, I want to be stirred
up and filled with passion.
I mean, that's what
Phil's story is all about,
passion and where it takes us and...
I think Phil's story is about destiny,
where it leads you.
Do you take the path of the unknown,
or do you just chicken
out and do whatever it takes
to make the next dollar?
Attention, store customers.
This is the weed police.
I will be confiscating all of
your marijuana this evening.
God, I love weed.
[laughs]
Ooh, jerky.
Try this one. This one. This one.
[Robyn Hitchcock's "The
Ghost In You" playing]
If you can just pop the
trunk, I got it, thanks.
♪ ♪
♪ A man in my shoes... ♪
Each one kills you in a different way.
♪ All the papers lie tonight... ♪
Right, Bill?
Not like this, though.
♪ ♪
♪ Is the news of the day... ♪
Everybody's talking about
the tour ending.
You know, Phil's story has me thinking.
I don't know that I'm
built for this forever.
The other day, I found this
old hard drive from when I was 16.
And I read this
letter I wrote to myself.
I mean, just incredible
stuff about dreams
and what I wanted out of life.
I mean, it was like the
child me grabbing the adult me
by the collar and saying,
"Hey, be fucking bold."
You know, it was
filled with such power, dude.
I wanted to build a school in India.
I was 16.
And, you know, I
thought about it, and I said,
"Okay, well, this used to
be me, and it still can be,"
but I've piled so many
layers of shit and doubt over myself
that I barely even recognize me.
It was like I knew me
better before I was even me.
I don't know; it was just an
amazing piece of writing.
Of course it was. It was my hard drive.
I wrote that about me.
Shit. Are you kidding?
No.
No wonder it sounded
like me but... better.
Because it was me.
Even when you question your entire life,
you are taking things from me.
Well, here.
You take it, then.
It's awesome.
You know, it's like the
story Phil's telling.
Get connected with where you started.
♪ ♪
So you think I'm a coward. Is that it?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I just heard what you said about me.
I'm chickening out.
I was talking about myself.
I'm questioning shit.
I know Laurie and our future
kid is my destiny, and I'm scared.
Well, for your information,
I'm fucking... lost.
So there.
I just said that to the sound girl.
Do you have any idea what's going on?
Look, I wish I had an answer for
you about the European leg.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about Kelly Ann.
She's right in front of you.
Wake up.
[Ronnie] This is a song I wrote
about the South, and I believe in it.
And it goes something like this.
[soft music playing]
Well, after the Rolling Stones victory,
everything was all sweetness and light.
We marched into Tokyo like
an unbeatable army,
and, my God, it felt good.
We all met down in the bar.
Ronnie wanted some Dom
Perignon, but they didn't have it,
so he spent an enormous amount of money
buying imported Jack
Daniel's for the house.
All right, arigato, my friends.
[together] Arigato.
- Sick.
- Now, this was the liftoff.
This was the new chapter.
Your rough-and-tumble John
Wayne American image is so famous.
It's kind of an exaggeration.
We got in fights, like any kid would.
Yeah, we did that for a long time.
You know, show me your biggest badass,
and I got an
appointment with him outside.
But no more.
And we're not kids anymore.
We're 27 and 28.
Does your image make
it important for you
to be angry at Neil Young?
You're talking about
"Sweet Home Alabama."
No, we love Neil Young.
He just sent use some new
songs if we want to do 'em.
[woman] Why do you perform barefoot?
If I can't feel the fire
onstage, I know I failed.
He just don't like shoes.
[Ronnie] That's true.
♪ Sweet home Alabama ♪
♪ Where the skies are so blue ♪
♪ Sweet home Alabama... ♪
They killed their
shows in Tokyo and Osaka.
And on that last night,
I could swear that stage was on fire.
Those boys could play like no one else.
There were a raging, rolling machine.
Ain't been nobody like 'em since.
[Reg] I just can't
get these figures to work.
It's like, with two
different band leaders,
two different revenue
streams going outbound...
...we can't afford another
leg, not with these expenses,
especially not in Europe.
No amount of cutting is going to work,
unless you cut the pie in half.
[laughs]
[sighs] I'm going to bed.
Good work.
I know it wasn't easy.
[exhales deeply]
Good night.
[women moaning]
Harris, what you just did will
help the world replenish.
Look, I know it wasn't
easy having sex again,
even if it was with the
most attractive women
of the entire human species.
Now... give me Jen.
[Rick] Harris, we couldn't find her.
I was just a pawn?
I trusted you.
How foolish.
My silly need to fit in and be accepted.
That's how you lure me in?
But I'm here to serve a
bigger, more cynical plan.
Why didn't I see through this?
Because that's how they trick you.
They take an average man
and make him feel... beautiful.
I'm a pawn.
Well, last night in
Tokyo, the promoter, Mr. Udo,
took everybody to a Japanese disco
that kind of catered to an
English-speaking clientele.
The translation of the
name of the disco was, uh...
Was "Casual Mind Universe,"
whatever the fuck that's
supposed to mean.
Everybody was in a good mood,
celebratory, loose.
[indistinct chatter]
[upbeat disco music playing]
♪ ♪
This reminds me of
the first time we met.
Meet in all the best places.
How you feeling, Ronnie?
Never better.
Things are going so well, I-I
just don't feel comfortable.
I keep waiting for
something that's gonna
just take it all away.
[laughs]
You know, at least when I
was drinking and fighting,
I knew where the hurt would come from.
I did it myself.
Damn right.
Now I-I feel so
protective, I just want to run away.
But I can't.
I'm Papa Ronnie.
You... you know, I just don't
want my baby girl to grow up
and read about me like I
was some fighting redneck.
Hmm.
I got this voice inside, man.
I-it's just telling me, "Don't wait.
We got to get there."
I can't shake this feeling, Phil.
What do you call it, huh?
Oh, I know what they
call it, and I hate it.
[both] Growing up.
Let's go get a drink.
Like grown-ups.
Now, growing up is trying
to do the right thing.
Problem is, doing the right thing
sucks quite a bit of the time.
Ronnie Van Zant said that.
Yeah.
He was my first real hero.
And even heroes got to grow up.
So what is it you wanted to ask me?
[chuckles]
Would you be the godfather of my son?
Phil, that'd be my honor.
You've been holding out on me.
Mr. Udo kept sending over bottles
of Dom Perignon to the table.
[indistinct chatter]
A group of German airline
pilots appeared
at the next table,
started to try to figure
out who the band was.
[laughter]
American rednecks Lynyrd Skynyrd.
- Hey, Americans.
- Whoo!
We got recognized.
And then the shit hit the fan.
[man] Big, strong Southern girls.
We gonna take that shit?
Yeah, we're gonna take that.
This ain't Florida.
Hey, Phil, what do you
really think about our band?
Well, I've never seen a better band live.
I've never felt more at
home than when I'm on your stage.
Sorry, I can't quite hear you,
'cause these
assholes are talking so loud.
You're like my other family.
[man] Girls are very pretty.
[Allen] Hey, y'all better back off.
Oh, they say you are the
tough guys from the South
who like to fight.
- Not no more.
- Your girls are so pretty.
Do you screw them?
[Phil] This is where I
began to get nervous.
Dean leaned over and said...
Phil, let's get out of here.
Where's Mr. Udo?
I don't know. I don't
want to leave the table.
If any of you hit anyone,
we'll never get you out of the country.
[Gary] You know I got a mean left.
What about getting out of the country?
That was the deal getting you in
here, that we wouldn't fight.
That's starting to become a problem.
[man] Just talk to us.
We like your girls.
Don't be rude.
The boys are busy. Thank you.
They are not boys.
They are big Southern
men, big, tough Southern men
with girls with pretty titties.
What if he hits me first? Can I hit him?
- That's self-defense.
- Hey, just leave us alone.
Okay, guys, the band
doesn't want to talk right now.
We just played a big show.
Because we are
German, you don't like us.
- No, not at all.
- Oh, we just want to have fun.
Can we please play with her titties?
You shut the fuck up.
- Hey, Ronnie.
- Well, we had a plan.
- Don't fight.
- And it really worked...
- Till it stopped working.
But don't fight.
♪ Oh, it's the
Saturday night special ♪
♪ ♪
♪ For $20 you can buy
yourself one too ♪
♪ ♪
Were you in the fight too?
I was just trying to keep the peace.
♪ ♪
[panting]
- We got to get him out fast.
- Well, what do we do?
I'll get Ronnie out the back.
You go out the front
and distract the cops.
What if I get arrested?
I'll come take care of it.
By the time they figure everything out,
we'll have the whole
band out of the country.
Here, put that on.
Don't lose my hat.
Let me look at you.
You look good.
[laughter]
You don't look much like me.
I'll get this back to you.
You keep it.
Now, go be me.
How am I gonna do that?
Follow your instincts.
♪ Here we are, here
we are, here we go ♪
♪ Here we go ♪
♪ Rockin' all over the world ♪
See ya on the other side, brother.
[Phil] That was the last
time I ever saw Ronnie.
Harvey.
[sighs]
What do you know about why I was hired?
What?
You once said that you were loyal.
I need you to be loyal to me right now.
What are you talking about?
Come on, man.
Come on.
Preston wants Tom to go solo.
Fuck.
You didn't hear that from me.
We had to show Tom the numbers
that he can make more
money without Christopher.
Mm.
So no amount of savings I
found would ever have mattered?
Mm-mm.
Preston would have given
Tom the same result.
Mm-hmm.
[gentle guitar music]
♪ ♪
I was brought in to break up the brand.
Well, three days in a Japanese jail
will give you some time to think.
They smuggled the real
Ronnie out of the country.
I went home after the
lawyers did a little do-si-do.
Took a year off to raise my kid.
It was Ronnie's idea.
I could have done both.
I missed that band.
Later that year, they
decided to get a private plane
that was fairly cheap, a Convair 240.
The third one ever built,
had 29,000 flight hours on it.
It was a tired plane.
Aerosmith and Peter
Frampton had both looked at it
and turned it down.
The band was worried about it.
The plane ran out of gas over
a swamp in Mississippi.
Ronnie died instantly, and...
so did... Steve
Gaines and Cassie Gaines,
his sister.
So did their assistant road
manager, Dean Kilpatrick,
and two others.
It was the first time
someone I'd known and loved died.
And I still haven't gotten over it.
'Cause I know in my gut if
I'd have been on the plane...
...I might've saved people.
I should've been on that plane.
Allen Collins lived for many more years,
and so did Leon Wilkeson, Ron Eckerman,
Billy Powell.
Gary Rossington still tours with
a version of Lynyrd Skynyrd
with Ronnie's little
brother Johnny singing lead.
I couldn't listen to
their music for 20 years.
But I hear Ronnie's restless spirit
talking to me every day.
[Lynyrd Skynyrd's "All I Can
Do Is Write About It" playing]
He was the father of that
band till the day he died,
and when I feel sad about
what he might have become,
probably the Merle
Haggard of his generation,
I think about how a man
learns to become a father.
♪ But the things they
write about us is just a bore... ♪
How do you spend this
little dance with destiny?
That's up to you.
But when you find your
band, you find your band.
And that was my band,
Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Years later, I found another band,
and that's this band and this crew,
the Staton-House Band.
That's why I came back.
I listen to a voice inside,
and if I don't like ya, I tell ya.
And if I love ya, I'll tell ya.
But whatever that voice says, I listen.
And I thank my friend Ronnie
Van Zant for that.
♪ Slowly creepin' ♪
♪ Lord, take me and mine ♪
♪ Before that comes ♪
[Wesley and Milo playing
gentle guitar music]
♪ ♪
♪ Well, Mama told me ♪
♪ When I was young ♪
♪ Said, "Sit beside me ♪
♪ My only son" ♪
♪ Said, "Listen closely ♪
♪ To what I say ♪
♪ And if you do this ♪
♪ It'll help you some sunny day ♪
♪ Oh, yes, it will" ♪
♪ ♪
♪ "Oh, take your time ♪
♪ Don't live too fast ♪
♪ Troubles will come ♪
♪ And they will pass ♪
♪ You'll find a woman ♪
♪ Yeah, and you'll find love ♪
♪ And don't forget, son" ♪
[all] ♪ "There is
someone up above" ♪
All right!
♪ "And be a simple ♪
♪ Kind of man ♪
♪ And be something ♪
♪ You love and understand ♪
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org